settings/dyno-custom-commands.md, before:

# Actual Dynobot custom commands on the IOTA Discord

*Last update 2021 05 03*

It is possible to change the command the one that starts with `!` and to change the response.

:warning: If you find outdated commands and responses.

* Moderators: Please discuss the proposal together in the `#mods` channel
* Community members: Please discuss the proposal together in the `#experience` channel



## Custom Commands start here  

### !focus

IOTA is fundamentally not about the market cap. Currently, virtually all posts in here are about the price or exchanges, this is not what this subreddit is for. This subreddit is for the IOTA project, not the IOTA price, we have /r/iotamarkets and /r/cryptomarkets for that. The thing that made IOTA great in the first place is its insistence on focusing on actual progress and the cutting edge technology that it is. I want more brainstorming about use cases, see more meetups arranged, more discussions about the technology itself, the different modules etc. https://www.reddit.com/r/Iota/comments/7hxfgx/focus/

### !explain_sybilattack

https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~dawnsong/papers/sybil.pdf and https://www.cs.montana.edu/yang/paper/jamming.pdf



### !explain_consensus

the current situation until Coordicide
https://github.com/noneymous/iota-consensus-presentation/blob/master/README.md
the implementation after Coordicide:
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10895.pdf

### !warn-scam

⚠️ Reminder: don’t trust anyone asking for your seed, even if they claim they’re IOTA Foundation members. Please report these scammers to one of the admins. ⚠️

Read more about **Security during the Chrysalis migration** here:
<https://blog.iota.org/security-during-token-migration/>


### !whitepaper

check the latest one from Popov that describes the Tangle and the implementation in IOTA 1.0
https://assets.ctfassets.net/r1dr6vzfxhev/2t4uxvsIqk0EUau6g2sw0g/45eae33637ca92f85dd9f4a3a218e1ec/iota1_4_3.pdf
the future of IOTA lies in here - all about Coordicide:
https://files.iota.org/papers/20200120_Coordicide_WP.pdf

### !banhammered

![](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/024/724/ban_hammer.jpg)

### !rank_description

```autohotkey
***** Rank descriptions *****
  - iota-squad: news spreading/IOTA awareness team | opt-in #marketing #anti-fud #projects #donations 

  - fullnode: fullnode owners | opt-in #nodesharing | for mention

  - nelson: nelson users | for mention

  - non-dev: opt-out DEVELOPMENT and DEVELOPMENT-EXT categories

  - speculation: opt-in SPECULATION category

  - exchanges: opt-in EXCHANGES category

  - no-feeds: opt-out FEEDS category

  - language/region specific ranks: opt-in channel or category  eg. de, jp, ausnz
```

### !stolen

Do you see a wrong balance or missing funds in your wallet. You might be victim of a theft. Please first read here about possible situations that might fit to you and try the given solutions. Reach out to the IOTA community {#help} channel in the official IOTA discord https://discord.com/channels/397872799483428865/398499876935303186 to get help and find a solution.

### !welcome

**Welcome to the IOTA Discord Server. We're happy you're here!** 

**If you are a developer, join {#development} + {#projects} & check out the IOTA Ecosystem Fund!** 
https://blog.iota.org/iota-ecosystem-fund-2-million-f6ade6a4d8ba 

Please consider reading this brief introduction to IOTA: https://kb.helloiota.com/TroubleshooterGuide50018.aspx 
Check out the link below for a list of more resources: https://kb.helloiota.com/TroubleshooterGuide50017.aspx 
And consider joining the HelloIOTA Forum https://forum.helloiota.com 

**Directory** 
*{#help} to get all beginner questions answered* 
*{#nodesharing} to find neighbors for your full node* 
*{#speculation} is for all price talk and trading discussion* 
*Please report any direct message scams that you receive so that we can ban the offending users* 
*Please do not give your seed to anyone claiming they are a member of the IOTA Foundation* 

Lots of people around to help out - let us know what we can do for you.

### !becomemod

Mods for the official communication channels of IOTA are carefully chosen by the IOTA founders and are based on their trustworthiness and contribution to the community, there are no applications to become a mod. If you contribute to the community you might eventually be approached to become one if you want to. Please do not ask us to become a mod.


### !zerofunds
Have a look at this page for tips to recover your tokens first:  
https://github.com/iota-community/IOTA-Discord/blob/main/help/iota-recovery-tips.md

### !invitelink

You can invite others to this discord with this link: https://discord.iota.org - The generated invite link is only valid for 1 person for a limited amount of time.

### !muteme

{delete} {!mute {user} $1} :white_check_mark: {user} muted himself ($1), please do not ping the moderators for a unmute.

### !marketcap

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397872931457335307/425625803360043018/image.png)

### !supply

Here's the conversion chart:  
![https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397872995127001108/440492145539809280/units.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397872995127001108/440492145539809280/units.png)

### !piggybank

![](https://i.imgur.com/3oejD6v.jpg)

### !dags

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397873500326461448/458814560359677952/unknown.png)

### !rules

Please be mindful of the official Iota Discord rules and etiquette: :one: Be courteous and respectful to one another :two: This Discord is family friendly, act accordingly :three: Speculation is only allowed in the speculation channel :four: No impersonation or obfuscation :five: No excessive trolling or questions like "wen moon/lambo" :six: No advertising without permission;  donation requests must be made in #donations :seven: No Shilling :eight: No talk about Politics/Religion :nine: No public feedback on Mod decisions, DM a mod if you disagree :keycap_ten: Questions about development progress should be constructive and sincere. :asterisk: Please do not @mention IOTA Foundation members unless they are actively participating in the channel you are in at that very moment - Breaking any of these rules may result in mod action.

### !chart

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/397873500326461448/463432742131073025/iotaunits.png)

### !spec

You can join the {#speculation} channel by going to the {#rank-yourself} channel and typing `!rank speculation`

### !theway

If you've received a transaction with the message "Do you know the way?" or any other message this isn't anything malicious but just regular harmless spam. The Tangle and addresses containing IOTA tokens are publicly available for everyone, anyone willing to spend some resources on sending transactions can do this. Again, this is harmless and you can just ignore it.

### !migration

Need help migrating?
Follow the steps on this link <https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/>


![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/834486932666187848/834491858914377758/new--1-.png)


### !hornetissue

In order to foster the development of HORNET, it is necessary to collect issues/feature requests in one place: GitHub. If you run into issues or have feature requests, please open an issue on the HORNET GitHub issue page (https://github.com/gohornet/hornet/issues). Reporting crashes or other problems solely on Discord doesn't allow us to prioritize or correctly manage them. When creating an issue on GitHub, please append as much of the log, your particular configuration and other details to the issue, to help us resolving it.

### !houserules

Please read the house rules in {#house-rules}

### !specrules

```
- No racism, sexism, homophobia, or other hate speech
- No insults or personal attacks
- No persistent repetition (whether positive or negative)
- No unsubstantiated arguments
- No concern trolling

Ignore these rules and you will be muted or banned.```
```

### !faq

Have a look at the Firefly/Migration FAQs here
https://firefly.iota.org/faq

### !trinity-migration

Check in trinity if your funds are out and sent to an address starting with "TRANSFER..." Check this transaction here <https://explorer.iota.org/legacy-mainnet> - if it is confirmed, your balance is correct and you have a backup of the 24 words and your stronghold file. You can close Firefly, the migration was successful.

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/401389663236915200/836613006765981777/unknown.png)

### !migration-steps

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/401389663236915200/836879248802709504/unknown.png)


### !mana

Learn more about Mana and its planned implementation in the upcoming IOTA 2.0 here

https://blog.iota.org/explaining-mana-in-iota-6f636690b916/

questions related to mana are best asked in the {#tanglemath} channel here in the Discord Server

### !firefly-funds

This can occasionally happen and will be fixed in further releases. To fix it and get direct access to your funds do the following: Make sure that you have a backup of your 24 Seed words and also the stronghold backup file created in the initial profile setup for the migration. If you are sure you have this please uninstall Firefly from your operating System.
Now you need to delete the remaining Firefly folder on your OS located here:
```
Windows: "C:\Users[username]\AppData\Roaming\Firefly 
Mac: ~/Library/Application Support/Firefly 
Linux: ~/.config/Firefly 
```

After you have deleted those folder please install Firefly again from the newest release on the Firefly Website, create a profile and use the “Migrate or restore a wallet” Function.

Now use your Firefly recovery phrase or your File backup (stronghold File)
To restore your Migration profile.
The funds will appear as Balance and you can start using Firefly with your tokens.

Commit message:

exchanged focus with seed
seed to remember people about the 24 words mnemonic

settings/dyno-custom-commands.md, after:

# Actual Dynobot custom commands on the IOTA Discord

*Last update 2021 05 05*

It is possible to change the command the one that starts with `!` and to change the response.

:warning: If you find outdated commands and responses.

* Moderators: Please discuss the proposal together in the `#mods` channel
* Community members: Please discuss the proposal together in the `#experience` channel



## Custom Commands start here  

### !seed

The IOTA SEED in the new network consists of a *24 WORDS MNEMONIC PHRASE*!
Its is the most important part in the setup of your Firefly Wallet that you *BACKUP THE 24 WORDS*!
:warning: **NEVER SHARE THOSE WORDS WITH ANYONE!!!**

### !explain_sybilattack

https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~dawnsong/papers/sybil.pdf and https://www.cs.montana.edu/yang/paper/jamming.pdf



### !explain_consensus

the current situation until Coordicide
https://github.com/noneymous/iota-consensus-presentation/blob/master/README.md
the implementation after Coordicide:
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10895.pdf

### !warn-scam

⚠️ Reminder: don’t trust anyone asking for your seed, even if they claim they’re IOTA Foundation members. Please report these scammers to one of the admins. ⚠️

Read more about **Security during the Chrysalis migration** here:
<https://blog.iota.org/security-during-token-migration/>


### !whitepaper

check the latest one from Popov that describes the Tangle and the implementation in IOTA 1.0
https://assets.ctfassets.net/r1dr6vzfxhev/2t4uxvsIqk0EUau6g2sw0g/45eae33637ca92f85dd9f4a3a218e1ec/iota1_4_3.pdf
the future of IOTA lies in here - all about Coordicide:
https://files.iota.org/papers/20200120_Coordicide_WP.pdf

### !banhammered

![](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/024/724/ban_hammer.jpg)

### !rank_description

```autohotkey
***** Rank descriptions *****
  - iota-squad: news spreading/IOTA awareness team | opt-in #marketing #anti-fud #projects #donations 

  - fullnode: fullnode owners | opt-in #nodesharing | for mention

  - nelson: nelson users | for mention

  - non-dev: opt-out DEVELOPMENT and DEVELOPMENT-EXT categories

  - speculation: opt-in SPECULATION category

  - exchanges: opt-in EXCHANGES category

  - no-feeds: opt-out FEEDS category

  - language/region specific ranks: opt-in channel or category  eg. de, jp, ausnz
```

### !stolen

Do you see a wrong balance or missing funds in your wallet. You might be victim of a theft. Please first read here about possible situations that might fit to you and try the given solutions. Reach out to the IOTA community {#help} channel in the official IOTA discord https://discord.com/channels/397872799483428865/398499876935303186 to get help and find a solution.

### !welcome

**Welcome to the IOTA Discord Server. We're happy you're here!** 

**If you are a developer, join {#development} + {#projects} & check out the IOTA Ecosystem Fund!** 
https://blog.iota.org/iota-ecosystem-fund-2-million-f6ade6a4d8ba 

Please consider reading this brief introduction to IOTA: https://kb.helloiota.com/TroubleshooterGuide50018.aspx 
Check out the link below for a list of more resources: https://kb.helloiota.com/TroubleshooterGuide50017.aspx 
And consider joining the HelloIOTA Forum https://forum.helloiota.com 

**Directory** 
*{#help} to get all beginner questions answered* 
*{#nodesharing} to find neighbors for your full node* 
*{#speculation} is for all price talk and trading discussion* 
*Please report any direct message scams that you receive so that we can ban the offending users* 
*Please do not give your seed to anyone claiming they are a member of the IOTA Foundation* 

Lots of people around to help out - let us know what we can do for you.

### !becomemod

Mods for the official communication channels of IOTA are carefully chosen by the IOTA founders and are based on their trustworthiness and contribution to the community, there are no applications to become a mod. If you contribute to the community you might eventually be approached to become one if you want to. Please do not ask us to become a mod.


### !zerofunds
Have a look at this page for tips to recover your tokens first:  
https://github.com/iota-community/IOTA-Discord/blob/main/help/iota-recovery-tips.md

### !invitelink

You can invite others to this discord with this link: https://discord.iota.org - The generated invite link is only valid for 1 person for a limited amount of time.

### !muteme

{delete} {!mute {user} $1} :white_check_mark: {user} muted himself ($1), please do not ping the moderators for a unmute.

### !marketcap

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397872931457335307/425625803360043018/image.png)

### !supply

Here's the conversion chart:  
![https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397872995127001108/440492145539809280/units.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397872995127001108/440492145539809280/units.png)

### !piggybank

![](https://i.imgur.com/3oejD6v.jpg)

### !dags

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/397873500326461448/458814560359677952/unknown.png)

### !rules

Please be mindful of the official Iota Discord rules and etiquette: :one: Be courteous and respectful to one another :two: This Discord is family friendly, act accordingly :three: Speculation is only allowed in the speculation channel :four: No impersonation or obfuscation :five: No excessive trolling or questions like "wen moon/lambo" :six: No advertising without permission;  donation requests must be made in #donations :seven: No Shilling :eight: No talk about Politics/Religion :nine: No public feedback on Mod decisions, DM a mod if you disagree :keycap_ten: Questions about development progress should be constructive and sincere. :asterisk: Please do not @mention IOTA Foundation members unless they are actively participating in the channel you are in at that very moment - Breaking any of these rules may result in mod action.

### !chart

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/397873500326461448/463432742131073025/iotaunits.png)

### !spec

You can join the {#speculation} channel by going to the {#rank-yourself} channel and typing `!rank speculation`

### !theway

If you've received a transaction with the message "Do you know the way?" or any other message this isn't anything malicious but just regular harmless spam. The Tangle and addresses containing IOTA tokens are publicly available for everyone, anyone willing to spend some resources on sending transactions can do this. Again, this is harmless and you can just ignore it.

### !migration

Need help migrating?
Follow the steps on this link <https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/>


![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/834486932666187848/834491858914377758/new--1-.png)


### !hornetissue

In order to foster the development of HORNET, it is necessary to collect issues/feature requests in one place: GitHub. If you run into issues or have feature requests, please open an issue on the HORNET GitHub issue page (https://github.com/gohornet/hornet/issues). Reporting crashes or other problems solely on Discord doesn't allow us to prioritize or correctly manage them. When creating an issue on GitHub, please append as much of the log, your particular configuration and other details to the issue, to help us resolving it.

### !houserules

Please read the house rules in {#house-rules}

### !specrules

```
- No racism, sexism, homophobia, or other hate speech
- No insults or personal attacks
- No persistent repetition (whether positive or negative)
- No unsubstantiated arguments
- No concern trolling

Ignore these rules and you will be muted or banned.```
```

### !faq

Have a look at the Firefly/Migration FAQs here
https://firefly.iota.org/faq

### !trinity-migration

Check in trinity if your funds are out and sent to an address starting with "TRANSFER..." Check this transaction here <https://explorer.iota.org/legacy-mainnet> - if it is confirmed, your balance is correct and you have a backup of the 24 words and your stronghold file. You can close Firefly, the migration was successful.

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/401389663236915200/836613006765981777/unknown.png)

### !migration-steps

![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/401389663236915200/836879248802709504/unknown.png)


### !mana

Learn more about Mana and its planned implementation in the upcoming IOTA 2.0 here

https://blog.iota.org/explaining-mana-in-iota-6f636690b916/

questions related to mana are best asked in the {#tanglemath} channel here in the Discord Server

### !firefly-funds

This can occasionally happen and will be fixed in further releases. To fix it and get direct access to your funds do the following: Make sure that you have a backup of your 24 Seed words and also the stronghold backup file created in the initial profile setup for the migration. If you are sure you have this please uninstall Firefly from your operating System.
Now you need to delete the remaining Firefly folder on your OS located here:
```
Windows: "C:\Users[username]\AppData\Roaming\Firefly 
Mac: ~/Library/Application Support/Firefly 
Linux: ~/.config/Firefly 
```

After you have deleted those folder please install Firefly again from the newest release on the Firefly Website, create a profile and use the “Migrate or restore a wallet” Function.

Now use your Firefly recovery phrase or your File backup (stronghold File)
To restore your Migration profile.
The funds will appear as Balance and you can start using Firefly with your tokens.
