settings/learn_the_rules.md, before:

# learn the rules messages
Use these messages with Dyno to update the rules. Messages are split to circumvent the character limit


## Message 1

Welcome to the official IOTA Discord Server

_Please make sure to read and agree upon these house rules_

This Discord server aims to discuss IOTA research, technology, community development, and collaboration with the IOTA Foundation. 

**House Rules**

- Please be respectful to one another, regardless of what is being said. We won't tolerate disrespectful language or inappropriate emoji responses. 
- This server is about technology, not coin prices. But, we are currently allowing speculation again on this server under some strict conditions.
- This server is intended as a family-friendly server where anyone interested in IOTA can contribute, regardless of age. Please refrain from posting material that isn't deemed "family-friendly."
- Advertising on this server is not allowed. But, we allow projects that use the IOTA/Shimmer technology to inform the community of their progress. This is permitted only in the 🦄｜promote-your-project channel, which was created explicitly for this reason. Please note, none of the projects that post on this server are formally endorsed by the IOTA Foundation. Make sure to do your own research and read the disclaimer in the channel.
- Please keep the discussions on-topic based on the channel you are in. Off-topic talk is only allowed in the <#397873500326461448> and the <#738665041217323068> channel as long as it's respectful, family-friendly, and not about religion/politics. Talks about coin prices are limited to the <#738665041217323068> channel. 
- If you need help or technical support, use the dedicated <#398499876935303186> channel.
- Coin shilling is not allowed. Serious discussion about other coins is allowed in <#738665060515315842>.
- Serious discussions about projects building on IOTA or Shimmer are allowed in the <#918064808383877130> channel.
- No impersonation or obfuscation.

## Message 2

- No invites to other servers. 
- Investment advice, telling others to buy or sell, is not allowed - Spamming the channels is not allowed.
- Trolls are not welcome. Please refrain from memeing, repeating the same argument over and over again, and causing drama. 
- No personal attacks.
- No affiliate links.
- No fake news/screenshots.
- Please do not ping IOTA Founders or members unless they are actively engaging in the channel you are in.
- If you need to talk to a IOTA Foundation member, feel free to contact one of the Community managers/liaisons instead (<@105306128761503744>, <@451662043506933780>, or <@192661920153731074>. For development questions contact the Developer Experience team members <@386583711774408704>, <@452961361421664288>, <@453235678386585601> or <@403205091479519233>
- Please get in touch with <@839573754686078978> if you have any issues with another user of this Discord. 
- Public feedback on Mod decisions is not allowed. Instead, use the <@839573754686078978> account or "direct message" a mod if you disagree with the moderation.
- Questions about development progress should be constructive and sincere. 
- Have fun and stay safe!
- By being on this server, you will comply with the Discord Terms of Service. <https://discord.com/guidelines>

## Message 3

**Security Considerations**

- The team will never DM you first!
- Do NOT use online recovery phrase/seed generators or any other tools offering such things (e.g., alternative wallets) unless you fully trust the third party offering them; you are giving them access to your funds by doing this. 
- Do not share any information or any social media accounts that might contain personal details. 
- We never ask you to transfer or exchange funds for us, and don't trust any DM you receive with a similar request. Also, the Iota Foundation (or any other "helper") will never ask for your recovery phrase. Please notify the moderators if this happens.
- Please report such behavior to our moderators if you become aware of it.


## Message 4

<#918064808383877130> channel rules

Please remember one of the essential rules in the crypto space: you are your own bank and are responsible for researching the applications you use. No one can perform this due diligence for you. The projects discussed in this channel are not related to or developed by the IOTA Foundation. The IOTA Foundation cannot guarantee the security or functionality of projects introduced in this channel.

- Disclaimer: The IOTA Foundation does not provide personalized investment recommendations or advisory services. Any information provided in the <#918064808383877130> channel to users regarding new projects is not, and should not be, considered advice of any kind and is for information purposes only. That a project is discussed on <#918064808383877130> does **not** mean that it is in any way approved, checked, audited, and/or associated with the IOTA Foundation.

## Message 5
- Only links to project pages or articles/tweets about projects using IOTA or Shimmer technology are allowed.
- Never ask for funding or advertise fundraising or ICO sales or similar offerings of a project. 
- No donation requests, discord invites, ICO, STO, Airdrop announcements
- No pitches for investors.
- Provide generic information about a project and be ready to answer questions about your motives and technical implementations of the project from the community that will evaluate the quality of the project. 
- Always provide context if you share a link to a project. Otherwise, it may be deleted.
- Refrain from continuously posting the same links or information. Spamming will not be tolerated.
- Tolerate other projects and other opinions, even if they "compete" with your own idea or project. Keep the discussion respectful and constructive. Be prepared to deliver factual proof for your accusations if you criticize a project.

## Message 6

**Quick tips**

- You can change your nickname by clicking on "IOTA" on the top left of the screen - choose "Change Nickname" from the dropdown. This only changes your nickname on the IOTA Discord 
- We have a few region- and language-specific channels on this Discord, but they are read-only by default. To gain writing privileges, please visit the <#884705920028930068> channel and click on the regional emoji to access the dedicated channel 
If you do not want to receive updates on a particular channel or category or want to hide specific channels, please "right-click" on that channel and choose the option "mute channel". You can also hide muted channels by following the official instructions here: <https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/213599277-How-do-I-hide-muted-channels->

Commit message:

added Shimmer and Ecosystem Developer

settings/learn_the_rules.md, after:

# learn the rules messages
Use these messages with Dyno to update the rules. Messages are split to circumvent the character limit


## Message 1

Welcome to the official IOTA & Shimmer Discord Server

_Please make sure to read and agree upon these house rules_

This Discord server aims to discuss research, technology, community development, and collaboration with the IOTA Foundation. 

**House Rules**

- Please be respectful to one another, regardless of what is being said. We won't tolerate disrespectful language or inappropriate emoji responses. 
- This server is about technology, not coin prices. But, we are currently allowing speculation again on this server under some strict conditions.
- This server is intended as a family-friendly server where anyone interested in IOTA & Shimmer can contribute, regardless of age. Please refrain from posting material that isn't deemed "family-friendly."
- Advertising on this server is not allowed. But, we allow projects that use the IOTA/Shimmer technology to inform the community of their progress. This is permitted only in the 🦄｜promote-your-project channel, which was created explicitly for this reason. Please note, none of the projects that post on this server are formally endorsed by the IOTA Foundation. Make sure to do your own research and read the disclaimer in the channel.
- Please keep the discussions on-topic based on the channel you are in. Off-topic talk is only allowed in the <#397873500326461448> and the <#738665041217323068> channel as long as it's respectful, family-friendly, and not about religion/politics. Talks about coin prices are limited to the <#738665041217323068> channel. 
- If you need help or technical support, use the dedicated <#398499876935303186> channel.
- Coin shilling is not allowed. Serious discussion about other coins is allowed in <#738665060515315842>.
- Serious discussions about projects building on IOTA or Shimmer are allowed in the <#918064808383877130> channel.
- No impersonation or obfuscation.

## Message 2

- No invites to other servers. 
- Investment advice, telling others to buy or sell, is not allowed - Spamming the channels is not allowed.
- Trolls are not welcome. Please refrain from memeing, repeating the same argument over and over again, and causing drama. 
- No personal attacks.
- No affiliate links.
- No fake news/screenshots.
- Please do not ping IOTA Founders or members unless they are actively engaging in the channel you are in.
- If you need to talk to a IOTA Foundation member, feel free to contact one of the Community managers/liaisons instead (<@105306128761503744>, <@451662043506933780>, <@192661920153731074> or Ecosystem Developer <@749204051878608978>. For development questions contact the Developer Experience team members <@386583711774408704>, <@452961361421664288>, <@453235678386585601> or <@403205091479519233>
- Please get in touch with <@839573754686078978> if you have any issues with another user of this Discord. 
- Public feedback on Mod decisions is not allowed. Instead, use the <@839573754686078978> account or "direct message" a mod if you disagree with the moderation.
- Questions about development progress should be constructive and sincere. 
- Have fun and stay safe!
- By being on this server, you will comply with the Discord Terms of Service. <https://discord.com/guidelines>

## Message 3

**Security Considerations**

- The team will never DM you first!
- Do NOT use online recovery phrase/seed generators or any other tools offering such things (e.g., alternative wallets) unless you fully trust the third party offering them; you are giving them access to your funds by doing this. 
- Do not share any information or any social media accounts that might contain personal details. 
- We never ask you to transfer or exchange funds for us, and don't trust any DM you receive with a similar request. Also, the Iota Foundation (or any other "helper") will never ask for your recovery phrase. Please notify the moderators if this happens.
- Please report such behavior to our moderators if you become aware of it.


## Message 4

<#918064808383877130> channel rules

Please remember one of the essential rules in the crypto space: you are your own bank and are responsible for researching the applications you use. No one can perform this due diligence for you. The projects discussed in this channel are not related to or developed by the IOTA Foundation. The IOTA Foundation cannot guarantee the security or functionality of projects introduced in this channel.

- Disclaimer: The IOTA Foundation does not provide personalized investment recommendations or advisory services. Any information provided in the <#918064808383877130> channel to users regarding new projects is not, and should not be, considered advice of any kind and is for information purposes only. That a project is discussed on <#918064808383877130> does **not** mean that it is in any way approved, checked, audited, and/or associated with the IOTA Foundation.

## Message 5
- Only links to project pages or articles/tweets about projects using IOTA or Shimmer technology are allowed.
- Never ask for funding or advertise fundraising or ICO sales or similar offerings of a project. 
- No donation requests, discord invites, ICO, STO, Airdrop announcements
- No pitches for investors.
- Provide generic information about a project and be ready to answer questions about your motives and technical implementations of the project from the community that will evaluate the quality of the project. 
- Always provide context if you share a link to a project. Otherwise, it may be deleted.
- Refrain from continuously posting the same links or information. Spamming will not be tolerated.
- Tolerate other projects and other opinions, even if they "compete" with your own idea or project. Keep the discussion respectful and constructive. Be prepared to deliver factual proof for your accusations if you criticize a project.

## Message 6

**Quick tips**

- You can change your nickname by clicking on "IOTA & Shimmer" on the top left of the screen - choose "Change Nickname" from the dropdown. This only changes your nickname on the IOTA & Shimmer Discord 
- We have a few region- and language-specific channels on this Discord, but they are read-only by default. To gain writing privileges, please visit the <#884705920028930068> channel and click on the regional emoji to access the dedicated channel 
If you do not want to receive updates on a particular channel or category or want to hide specific channels, please "right-click" on that channel and choose the option "mute channel". You can also hide muted channels by following the official instructions here: <https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/213599277-How-do-I-hide-muted-channels->
